QF5214 Data Engineering for Quantitative Fiance

27/02/2024 1st Meeting:
We scheduled our first meeting during the REFRESH week, identifying several topics relevant to this project and asking the group members to individually gather some information
and questions about these topics. We will confirm the specific questions and timeline in the next meeting on 1/03/2024.

05/03/2024 2nd Meeting:
After last short meeting, we decide to do the "grid trading strategy optimizaton" of American stocks with sentiment indicator metric from
the stock's news. We've separated to two teams and get to know about more information about "American Stocks" and relative news data, 
how these data should be accessed and where to find news about stocks. Will start working on Friday.

Project use case and problem: Optimizing Grid Trading Strategy in Stocks Market
Analyze historical data to determine the optimal grid size to maximizes profits while minimizing risks. Find grid parameters such as ideal number of grid levels and the distance between gird level and so on. Import sentiment indicator metric as a parameter to decide trading strategy.
To do:
1.Select relative stocks
2.Define KPIs for the trading strategy (e.g., return on investment, drawdown, Sharpe ratio).
3.dataset, preparation, EDA
4.ML to optimise grid parameter
5.Evaluation 
6.report

16/03/2024 3rd Meeting:
We have discussed with Dr.shao and we decide to make more effort on data process and feature selectionf from the dataset. Hence, we change the 
topic to "Walmart future fales forecast" from kaggle. And we have split the tasks to each member such as report writing, EDA, feature engineering 
and model building parts. Each member will start their work next week.

24/03/2024 4th Meeting:
Chat with all members about their task process, data problems and try our first model "LGBM".

29/03/2024 5th Meeting:
Upload our first model training results to all members and talk about what issues this model have, because the performance of LGBM without specific 
feature engineering strategies is not good, hence, we decide to make another model "LSTM" to do a comparison to validate the features are useful. 
Keep building model and traning.

07/04/2024 6th Meeting:
Visualize all the features and results in one place and hand them over to the report writers to start writing the report.
